today's lesson is about making takes
we'll take a building blocks with these
building blocks we're going to make
cubes to make stellated octahedron make
tetrahedron
first you need a perfectly square sheet
of paper okay
this one's not square but I remember
hearing something about if you fold it
in half just right you get a square
piece of paper so I'm going to go out
fold it in half too many threads bending
it back and forth a few times and then
we'll gently pull it happen now as you
can see I have two perfectly square
sheets of paper
still all right okay wait I remember it
now I remember how this is done you have
to fold a right triangle
invented by or little over right now
you're going to fold a right triangle
ght now any time you're building
something craftsmanship is essential you
don't want to do shoddy work especially
in the very beginning of the project
because the problem is I just want to
continue okay there's my right triangle
I need to get rid of this part of the
rectangle so I'm going to fold that over
you can cut this with scissors you can
crease it really well you can and store
something if you don't thank you long
sharp fingernails like nothing and you
can get rid of that little portion on
this project now as you can see I have
one perfectly rectangular rectangular
all squares are rectangles all
rectangles or squares but all squares
are rectangles